URL: https://www.mylifeforce.com/about
Title: About - mylifeforce.com
HTML Length: 420270
Scraped: 2026-04-07T14:27:42.191892+00:00
============================================================

How It Works
Solutions
SOLUTIONS
Lifeforce Membership
What We Test
Testosterone Therapy
Menopause Management
Brain Protection
Weight Loss
Cardiovascular Risk
Metabolic Health
Add-On Panels
Supplements
TOP HEALTH GOALS
Hormone Health
Vitality
Cardiac Risk
Weight Loss
Brain Health
Sexual Health
Longevity
Shop All
Pharmaceuticals
TOP HEALTH GOALS
Hormone Health
Vitality
Cardiac Risk
Weight Loss
Brain Health
Sexual Health
Longevity
Shop All
About
LIFEFORCE RESOURCES
Clinicians & Coaches
Leadership
Blog
Login
0
Become a Member

ABOUT

Live life on purpose.

We believe taking control of your life starts with taking control of your health.

Meet the medical experts ensuring you benefit from the latest evidence-based longevity research.
Dr. Kurt Hong

Lifeforce Scientific Advisor

“People need a single team, using one set of data and a comprehensive toolkit. I know from my clinical practice how important that is. Lifeforce delivers on that promise, all while standing for quality and results.”

A world-leading expert in proactive care, Dr. Hong is double board certified in internal medicine and clinical nutrition. He holds joint appointments at USC Keck School of Medicine and USC Davis School of Gerontology, and received his medical degree with distinction in research from Harvard Medical School and PhD in cellular and molecular pathology from University of California, Los Angeles.

Proactive Care
Metabolic Health
Clinical Nutrition
Dr. Vinita Tandon

Lifeforce Lead Clinical Advisor

“People are becoming less tolerant of the conventional aging process. They still want to maximize their potential. They are out there in their 40s, 50s, 60s, living full and demanding lives. It's pretty amazing to see the role that hormone optimization can play in that.”

One of the world’s leading hormone researchers, Dr. Tandon is a board certified endocrinologist and national medical director. She graduated magna cum laude from Boston University, and earned her endocrinology fellowship at Harbor UCLA Medical Center, while pursuing research at USC Medical Center, Boston Medical Center, and Harvard Medical School.

Proactive Care
Hormone Optimization
Metabolism
Dr. Fatima Cody Stanford

Lifeforce Medical Expert

“A lot of people underemphasize genetics. We know that weight is more heritable than height.”

An obesity medicine physician scientist at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Dr. Stanford received her BS and MPH from Emory University, her medical degree from the Medical College of Georgia School of Medicine, and her MPA from the Harvard Kennedy School of Government. At Lifeforce, she focuses on obesity medicine and healthcare policy.

Obesity Medicine
Healthcare Policy
Dr. Rudolph Tanzi

Lifeforce Medical Expert

"A lot of people don’t realize that getting in control of their biomarkers can have a major impact on their future cognitive health.”

Dr. Rudolph Tanzi serves as a professor of Neurology at Harvard Medical School and is the Vice-Chair of Neurology, Director of the Genetics and Aging Research Unit, and Co-Director of the McCance Center for Brain Health at Massachusetts General Hospital. At Lifeforce, Dr. Tanzi focuses on longevity, neurological health, and genetics.

Neurological Health
Longevity
Genetics
Dr. Kathryn Rexrode

Lifeforce Medical Expert

“My goal is to help women lead healthier, happier lives. Lifeforce leverages data and coaching to help women optimize their health and well-being.”

Dr. Kathryn Rexrode is the Chief of the Division of Women’s Health in the Department of Medicine at Brigham and Women’s Hospital, and a Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School. Dr. Rexrode has broad and deep research experience in women’s health, with particular expertise in cardiovascular disease in women.

Neurological Health
Longevity
Genetics
Women's Health
Lifeforce founders and advisors
Dugal Bain-Kim

“Today, we are at a point where millions of people can access science-backed tools to perform better and live longer and do in a way that actually fits in with everything else they have going on.”

Dugal Bain-Kim is an Australian-born technology and healthcare executive who has held leadership positions across three continents. Bain has an MBA from the University of Cambridge.

Courtney Reum

"I know so many people that wish they had a ‘QB of their health’ in their pocket. Lifeforce is that proactive solution and I’m optimistic it can be the trusted brand to help proactively do so at scale."

Courtney Reum is an entrepreneur and co-founder of both M13 and spirits brand VeeV. Reum is also a bestselling author and former Goldman Sachs invest banker.

Joel Jackson

“We’re taking that burden off people’s shoulders and giving them one integrated, trusted system that makes it easy for our members to be proactive about how they want to live through these rich decades.”

Joel Jackson is a Canadian entrepreneur and executive who has led technology organizations across healthcare, consumer goods, and wellness.

Tony Robbins

“We built Lifeforce to be a trusted guide: a single, integrated solution that makes it easy to optimize your vitality & longevity.”

Tony Robbins is an entrepreneur, #1 New York Times bestselling author, philanthropist, and the nation’s #1 life and business strategist.

Peter H. Diamandis

“Lifeforce is the operating system to help you achieve your peak. Allowing people to access the tools to track their health from home.”

Peter H. Diamandis is an MIT-trained molecular biologist and Harvard-trained medical doctor, and the founder and executive chairman of the XPRIZE Foundation, which leads the world in designing and operating large-scale incentive competitions.

What if your medical team actually helped you thrive?
To your left, the traditional healthcare system waiting for you to get sick.
To your right, the wellness industry unable to demonstrate actual results.
That has to change, and we’re changing it.
After all, the question isn’t
“how do I live longer?”
It’s “how do I live longer?”
Think you're healthy?
It’s time to make sure.

Explore Membership

Sign Up

SUPPORT

Text Us: (855) 656-1266

Mon - Fri, 8am - 8pm ET

Call Us: (855) 656-1266

Mon - Fri, 8am - 8pm ET

support@mylifeforce.com

Member Login
Help Center
Military Discount

SOLUTIONS

Lifeforce Membership
One Time Diagnostic
Testosterone Therapy
Supplements
Pharmaceuticals 
Gift Card

MORE

Health Goals
About
Blog
Facebook
Instagram
Terms of Use
Careers
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Pharmacy Information
Lifeforce Medical Notice of Privacy
Lifeforce Medical Patient Agreement
© Lifeforce 2026
All professional medical services are provided by licensed physicians and clinicians practicing within independently owned and operated professional practices named Lifeforce Medical NJ, P.C. (New Jersey), Lifeforce Medical KS, P.A. (Kansas), Van Maele Medical, P.C. (California), and for patients in all other states, Lifeforce Medical, P.A. Lifeforce Digital, Inc. does not itself provide any professional medical or clinical services.
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.